+++
author = "Hugo Authors"
title = "For Roger Hargreaves"
date = "2025-04-07"
description = ""
tags = [
    "Balls",
]
categories = [
    "Yesterday",
]

+++

I was the type of person who would spend their high school breaks in the library. The librarian was sweet and would let me help her with stocking and arranging the books. The library's window directly looked down on the main play area where everyone would gather during breaks to just hang around with friends or play games. It was always surprising that there were three separate and simultaneous instances of rudimentary soccer being played in that same small play area. I could never end up being good at sports. Some of my friends, who I only ended up being closer to after school, used to constantly be frustrated with my inability to understand how a ball works. I'm sure a part of me was also afraid of the ball, and just anxious in general. The fact that my school uniform was a size bigger than my fit didn't help in making me more comfortable with myself either. My parents were economical and believed kids were like bananas; that there was no point in buying clothes for them of their exact fit because they'd grow out of it very quickly: like how you buy slightly unripe bananas from the grocery store instead of buying fully ripe ones. My parents were absolutely right in making that decision and I am sure no one from school either noticed or cared that my clothes always hung loose. I think I started realizing I am becoming more like my parents each passing day when I bought a pair of jeans a size larger by my own choice. I had always been skinny as a kid and I think a part of my parents believed that buying a size bigger might also help me grow in other dimensions and eventually, a part of me started believing that as well. One time I was at the library and I noticed this girl that I knew was pacing near me and glancing at me every now and then. I was stocking the shelves with some Roger Hargreaves books. The children's books with illustrations and titles like Mr. Black and Mrs. White and Miss Fabulous and Mr. Birthday and yada yada. The girl eventually got the courage and came up to me, looked at what I was doing and said something along the lines of "Ooh, I'd love me some Mr. Skinny". I just stared at her. She stared back realizing what she had done. Realized that she wasn't leaving, I looked through the books and gave her the Mr. Skinny book. She took it, turned around and left. I went back to sorting books. She avoided me for the rest of the year and while I did feel bad about how I reacted poorly, I also believe that calling someone skiny while attempting to flirt with them is not necessarily a pick-up line. While I am on the healthier side now (I am no longer tired), I wonder how the girl would have reacted o seeing me in the height of my pandemic stress when I had dropped down to mid 50s. It is interesting to note that people think I look a lot older (read less attractive) and less happier now than when I was in that state. Unfortunately, that is not the end of my woes. The (high-quality) jeans that I bought a size bigger than my present ended up tearing around my crotch before I could grow into it. Though part of me is also relieved that I no longer have to constantly try fitting in. I think a very distinct part of American culture is around the fear around being perceived. I thought my high school self with all of its image issues suffered the worst from it but it doesn't even come close to the American culture. I wonder if it is the small talk, or asking the doordash driver to leave the food at the door or the portrayal of human nature that Roger made us believe in.

